Hello and welcome to this are two Tauriel.
So in the previous tutorials we did the exciting step.
We created our two regressors to linear aggressor and the polynomial repressor and we visualized their
results.
So if we look at our graphs here.
Well if we take the first one that we plotted that is the linear regression graph we obtained this trade
line here.
That's besides its name indicates that it's a linear model and we thought that this model doesn't fit
the data very well.
Because as you can see most of the prediction points are far from the real observation points.
And then we were more satisfied when we visualize the polynomial regression results first with the third
degrees.
That's the Paulism regression model with a 3 degree and it's actually much better.
We can see that the model is fitting much better to the data set since obviously the predictions are
getting much closer to the real values than the previous predictions with the linear regression model
.
So that was much better.
And then we did even better by adding a new degree to our bill in a regression model and we actually
obtained this model that we have here and now we can clearly see that this model is fitting very well
the data set because all the predictions are very very close to the real values.
And for some of them it's actually the same.
So that's definitely an excellent model for us because we are trying to make the most accurate prediction
as possible.
We are trying to predict the previous salary of a potential future employee that is about to be hired
and this predicted salary is at the heart of the negotiation because this employee is telling that it's
pretty salary was 160 OK and he's asking for more than that.
And therefore we are trying to predict if there's 160 ok salary is the truth or above.
Ok so now that we get this curve and now that we see that we have an excellent model for our problem
we are going to validate this moral.
And this is the model we are going to choose to make our final accurate prediction and that is what
we are going to do in this tutorial.
So let's do it.
I'm actually going to this new code section that I prepared for you.
So first one to predict the salary associated to a 6.5 level according to a linear regression model
and then the second code section will predict the salary of the 6.5 level according to our polynomial
regression.
This one right here with a fourth degree.
Okay.
So let's start with the linear regression prediction.
So we're going to do exactly the same as in simple regression we are going to use the product function
but actually something is going to be different and it will interest many of you this time we're not
going to make some predictions on a whole test set that is on a vector of observations.
We're going to make a single prediction that is we're going to make a prediction of a single level which
is going to be the 6.5 level.
So are we going to see that the syntax is going to change the technique to make this prediction is going
to change.
But it's actually as easy.
So let's do it.
We're going to call this prediction widespread as before so be careful why pred was before a vector
and now it's only going to be a single prediction of value.
So let's still call it white bread anyway.
And same as before.
We're going to take the Predict function.
So let's here take predict.
Here we go.
And now in this predict function remember we need to specify first the regressors we want to make the
predictions with.
So that's the first argument.
And then the second argument is the new data of which we want to make the predictions.
OK so let's put the first argument the first argument is our aggressor.
And since are predicting the result with the linear regression regress or and since we call this regress
or Lynn raggie then the first argument we need to put here is Lendrick.
All right.
So that's our aggressor.
And now we need to input the new data of which we want to make the prediction.
So this new data is as you understood a single element a single observation point and this observation
point is actually the 6.5 level here.
So what we'll do now is to actually you know since this six point five level doesn't exist in our dataset
we actually need to create a new data frame containing the 6.5 value.
We're not going to add this 6.5 level in our dataset.
We're going to create a new data set of only one line and only one column that is of only one cell actually
.
And this cell will contain the 6.5 level.
So let's do this.
The syntax and are to do that is very simple we just need to type here data frame separated by a dot
.
So frame it we go data frame and now as you can see it automatically added some parenthesis.
And in these parenthesis we need to input level equals six point five and that's it that's actually
all you need to do to make a single prediction using the pretty function with a specific regressive
that is here the are aggressor.
Let's check it out.
Let's select this line and executes OK.
y pred correctly generated so as you can see why it has no values.
We can already see the predictive value of the 6.5 level salary.
And it's actually $330000 so much higher than what this employee mentions salary was so that's actually
a good start for us.
But remember we don't want to keep the linear regression all we want to keep the most accurate regression
model.
That is of course the polynomial regression model.
So what we're going to do now is make the same prediction but this time according to our polynomial
regression.
So let's do this let's be efficient and copy this line because we will only need to change a few things
.
But you're going to see that this time it's not going to be that simple as here it's going to be simple
but not that simple.
We just need to add several arguments in ways that the reason is very logic.
It's because since our polling of the regression model learns the correlations on this data set containing
the level column and also the level 2 level 3 and level 4 columns.
Well when we create this new data frame containing only the 6.5 level observation.
Well since we're pulling on the regressors based upon these four columns here level level 2 level 3
and level 4 then that means that in this new observation cell that we created for our level 6.5 we not
only need to input the level but also the level to the level 3 and level 4.
And that's what's going to change here.
That's the only thing that is a little less simple than what we did before.
But it's still very simple because as you can see it will be very quick and easy to add this values
.
So let's do this let's not forget to change of course the regressors here.
It's not Liberec anymore.
It's probably wrecked because polygraph is the name we gave to our polynomial regression regrets or
in this formula right here.
OK.
And so now as I just explained we just need to add here to put in the features of our levels.
So that means that we need at level 2 right here.
And don't worry we don't need to compute it ourselves.
We just need to add here 6.5 squared and that will do it because you know level 2 contains the square
values of the values and the level column.
And that's why here we add level 2 equals 6.5 squared.
And same for the other levels.
We actually made a fourth degree polynomial regression model.
So we need to add here four levels.
And so I'm adding here.
Level 3 equals 6.5.
That's the power of three.
And our last level.
Level four equals six point five The power four.
In that sense it was only this little simple thing to do but now it's ready.
So let's check it out.
And actually we're about to find out the final verdict of the heart of the negotiation which is the
most accurate predicted salary that this future potential employee had in its previous company.
So let's find out.
I'm going to select all this and press command and control pass and to execute.
Here we go.
So what is the final value.
It's a hundred and fifty eight thousand dollars so very close to what the employee said.
He said hundred and sixty K and we predicted a hundred and fifty eight 158 OK.
So that's awesome news because not only we can proceed to the right direction of our negotiation but
also we can now be relieved that this new future potential employee is very horniest And that's one
of the best quality to have in life including professional life.
So verdict is a truth or bluff.
Well the final verdict is truth.
So we are ending the Statoil as well as the section about pulling the regression on a good note.
So a happy ending.
Not only the verdict as truth but also we can be proud of having built your very first on in their regression
model.
So congratulations again and you're going to see that in the next sections will be introduced to some
new non-linear regression models and some of them are fascinating.
So you'll see I look forward to seeing you in the next section.
I'll just add a final tutorial here but that's not to build any more model.
It's just that we're going to make a regression templates you know to build a lot more efficiently the
next regression models you'll have of course the code templates and you'll see how it will be very useful
.
So I look forward to seeing you in the next section.
Congratulations again.
And until then enjoy machine learning